gh-115165: Fix Annotated for immutable types (#115213)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-02-09-07-20-16.gh-issue-115165.yfJLXA.rst

> ``typing.Annotated`` ignores exceptions when setting the ``__orig_class__``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``typing.Annotated`` now ignores all exceptions when setting the ``__orig_class__``
```
Make it a little more clear what changed

Author: addressed in 1d7e6e5b1a750793d09e5f8922da573c4a1b5c53

> ``typing.Annotated`` ignores exceptions when setting the ``__orig_class__``
> attribute on objects returned from a callable. Previously only ``TypeError``
> was ignored.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Ignore most exceptions when attempting to set the ``__orig_class__`` attribute
on objects returned when calling a generic alias. Previously only
:exc:`AttributeError` was ignored.
```

Also, feel free to give yourself credit if you like; it's common to do so:

```suggestion
Ignore most exceptions when attempting to set the ``__orig_class__`` attribute
on objects returned when calling a generic alias. Previously only
:exc:`AttributeError` was ignored. Patch by Dave Shawley.
```

Author: 🤦 _Previously only TypeError_ ... good 👀

Author: addressed in 1d7e6e5b1a750793d09e5f8922da573c4a1b5c53
